about.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hello! I am Jeremiah Wimer, a graduate student studying statistical signal proccessing, but my friends call me Rhys (my middle name). This website acts as a host for code written for project I've been a part of. In wireless communications, I've specifically conducted work on realistic pulse shaping waveforms, orthogonal time-frequency space (OTFS), orthogonal delay-Doppler multiplexing (ODDM) and tri-orthogonal ODDM. I've also trained an accurate elastic-net logistic regression model capable of detecting dehydration in infants, and another for detecting internal bleeding in pigs. 

[LinkedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rhys2/)

You can find the source code for Minima at GitHub:
[GitHub Page][https://github.com/JRW-lab] /
[minima](https://github.com/jekyll/minima)

You can find the source code for Jekyll at GitHub:
[jekyll][jekyll-organization] /
[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)


[jekyll-organization]: https://github.com/jekyll

Commit message:

Add custom layouts and update site content
Introduced custom default and index layouts for improved site structure. Updated about and contact pages with revised content and links, including a resume PDF. Changed index.markdown to use the new index layout.

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hello! I am Jeremiah Wimer, a graduate student studying statistical signal proccessing, but my friends call me Rhys (my middle name). This website showcases some of my professional work with statistical signal processing and wireless communications, as well as some personal projects I've been interested in. Specfically, I have experience working with pulse shaping waveforms, OTFS, ODDM, and machine learning applications in biomedical signal analysis.

[View my resume]( /resume.pdf )

This website acts as a host for code written for project I've been a part of. In wireless communications, I've specifically conducted work on realistic pulse shaping waveforms, orthogonal time-frequency space (OTFS), orthogonal delay-Doppler multiplexing (ODDM) and tri-orthogonal ODDM. I've also trained an accurate elastic-net logistic regression model capable of detecting dehydration in infants, and another for detecting internal bleeding in pigs.
